Docs:Update glossary.adoc (#17)
starknet-io/docs-common-content: modules/ROOT/partials/partial_glossary.adoc

== Starknet users

The users that interact with Starknet sequencer nodes and, if necessary, with L1 contracts. These users, whether human or automated, are the agents that submit transactions to the Starknet network.

[#toc-starknet-Prover]

> == Starknet Prover

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== prover
```

> Provers serve as the second line of verification in the Starknet network. Their main task is to validate the work of the Sequencers (when they receive the block produced by the Sequencer) and to generate proofs that these processes were correctly performed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provers serve as the second line of verification in the Starknet network. Their main task is to validate the work of the sequencers when they receive the block produced by the sequencer, and to generate proofs that these processes were correctly performed.
```

Reviewer: Probably should mention something about how a prover is actually proving a Cairo program execution trace.

> [#toc-starknet-Sequencer]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[#toc-starknet-sequencer]
```

> == Starknet Sequencer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== sequencer
```

> Sequencers are the backbone of the Starknet network, akin to Ethereum’s validators. They usher transactions into the system.For networks like Starknet and other platforms utilizing Validity rollups, a similar parallel is drawn. These networks outsource transaction processing to specialized entities and then verify their work. These specialized entities in the context of Validity rollups are known as "Sequencers."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sequencers are the backbone of the Starknet network, akin to Ethereum’s validators. They usher transactions into the system. For networks like Starknet and other platforms utilizing Validity rollups, a similar parallel is drawn. These networks outsource transaction processing to specialized entities and then verify their work. These specialized entities in the context of Validity rollups are known as _sequencers_.
```

[#toc-starknet-Verifier]
== Starknet Verifier

A Solidity verifier is an L1 smart contract, crafted in Solidity, designed to validate STARK proofs from SHARP (Shared Prover).

[#toc-starknet- node]
== Starknet node

> A node in the Starknet ecosystem is a computer equipped with Starknet software, contributing significantly to the network's operations. Nodes are vital for the Starknet ecosystem's functionality, security, and overall health. Without nodes, the Starknet network would not be able to function effectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A computer, equipped with Starknet software, that contributes significantly to the network's operations. Nodes are vital for the Starknet ecosystem's functionality, security, and overall health. Without nodes, the Starknet network would not be able to function effectively.
```

Reviewer: It would be great to add a sentence that is more specific about what a node does.
